Sent on behalf of Prof Ronan Daly, Prof Abir A-Tabbaa (Div D) and Yu Jiang.
 
Regards
 
Liz
 
---------------------------------------------------------------
Good morning! This is to tell you that there will be an invited talk next Tuesday, the 12th July 2022. Assistant Professor Ye Qian, from The University of Hong Kong (HKU), will give a talk about his recent work.
 
"Strain-Hardening Cementitious Composites (SHCC), also known as Engineered Cementitious Composites (ECC), exhibit tensile strain-hardening and multiple cracking behaviors. SHCC potentially offers a solution to overcome the incompatibility between 3D printing process and conventional methods to add rebars. However, applying SHCC in 3D printing technology is not an easy task.
 
Various aspects of the 3D printing process are investigated. Firstly, different from conventional mold-cast methods, 3D printing process further requires high fiber stability under shearing, pumping, and extrusion processes. The fiber instability might be a big problem resulting in clogging pumps. Secondly, customized nozzles are 3D printed to help further enhance the fiber alignment. Thirdly, how to maximize the strength of SHCC in structures and lower the anisotropy are explored through 3D printing pattern design."
 
Dr. Qian is an Assistant Professor at the University of Hong Kong. He worked as Research Fellow at Singapore Centre for 3D Printing. Before that, he also worked as a postdoctoral Research Fellow at Ghent University in Belgium. He obtained his Ph.D. at Columbia University in the City of New York, his M.S. at Hokkaido University in Japan, and his B.S. at Huazhong University of Science and Technology in China.
 
Title: 3D Printing of Strain-Hardening Cementitious Composites
 
Time: 11 am - 12 pm Tuesday, the 12th July 2022
 
Location: IfM Seminar Room 3, 17 Charles Babbage Road, Cambridge Cb3 0FS
 
Everyone interested is welcome to join the talk! 
 
Kind regards,
Yu
 
------
Richard (Yu) Jiang 
PhD Candidate 
Department of Engineering 
University of Cambridge 
Alan Reece Building (IfM) 
17 Charles Babbage Road 
CB3 0FS, Cambridge 
+44 (0) 7579949111 
