 
Welcome to the Academy of Management!


Hi 
 
I'd like to welcome you once again to the Academy of Management!
 
In case you haven’t had a chance to fully explore your member benefits or know where to begin, I encourage you to bookmark the new and improved Membership page which highlights all member benefits and services including: Networking, Research and Collaboration, Career and Growth opportunities, and additional resources to enhance your member experience!
 
I would also appreciate you letting us know how you came to learn about the Academy of Management:
Recommended by an advisor/committee/institution
Recommended by a colleague
I heard about the AOM journals or meetings
I researched the AOM website
I received an AOM email
I follow AOM on social media
Other (please specify)




We hope you'll join us for the Virtual New Member Orientation taking place during this year's AOM Annual Meeting on Thursday, 4 August, 11:30AM UTC-7/GMT-7







 
Please take a moment to watch a welcome video from AOM Executive Director Nancy Urbanowicz, which touches on the history of AOM and gives a glimpse into what makes our association so special.

	Watch Now	


If you have any questions about setting up your profile, accessing content, networking with other AOM members or need career advice, please contact membership@aom.org.
 
Thank you for being a part of the AOM community.

Sincerely,

Wendy A. Kramer
Assistant Director of Membership and Career Services





Our Vision:
We inspire and enable a better world through our scholarship and teaching about management and organizations.
 
Our Mission:
To build a vibrant and supportive community of scholars by markedly expanding opportunities to connect and explore ideas.
Connect with us:
	
facebook
		
twitter
		
linkedin
		
youtube

555 Pleasantville Road, Suite N200, Briarcliff Manor, NY, 10510, USA
Phone: +1 (914) 326-1800 | membership@aom.org
Web Version | Unsubscribe
 
The Academy of Management has updated its Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
to improve transparency, security, and control of personal data.
Higher Logic
