
University of Cambridge
Your Cambridge Festival update
Save the date: Cambridge Festival 2023!
White Cambridge Festival logo on black background
Hot off the press, the dates for the 2023 Cambridge Festival have been announced. The 2023 Festival will run from Friday 17th March - Sunday 2nd April and will no doubt be full once again of fun, interesting and exciting events for all the family. 

As you're signed up to our Festival mailing list, you'll be one of the first to know when the programme goes live and bookings open early next year. 

We've already got some very exciting things planned that we know you're going to love. We can't wait to bring you the Cambridge Festival 2023!
Missing #CamFest 2022? Catch up now!
Cambridge Festival 2022 YouTube playlist
YouTube logo
We've pulled together some of the best videos from CamFest 2022 and put them all in one playlist - easy watching! Catch up on all the big talks from how we can support bereaved people better to Giles Yeo discussing if calories are important and what the pandemic has done for equality. 
Start watching now

Say That Again Slowly - the Cambridge Festival Podcast
Say that again slowly title image with black and white cambridge festival logo
Say That Again Slowly is a student led podcast exploring some of the topics discussed at the Cambridge Festival with the experts. Everything from imagining what aliens could look to helping young people deal with the pressures of body image.
Listen now
Open Cambridge 2022 - coming this September!
heritage open days logo for 2022
If you can wait until 2023 for your Festival needs, then come along and join us at Open Cambridge which is taking place from 9 - 18 September.

Open Cambridge is a celebration of our community, the heritage, history and stories of Cambridge and the surrounding area and provides an inclusive platform to showcase extraordinary spaces, places and people. Taking place over ten days, Open Cambridge aims to bring together the Cambridge community to celebrate, discover and explore across the city.

Part of the national Heritage Open Days scheme, Open Cambridge is designed to offer special access to places that are normally closed to the public or charge admission. Each year focuses on a chosen theme, the 2022 theme is Astounding Inventions.

The full programme will be released and bookings will open in August so make sure you're signed up for updates.

Follow Open Cambridge on Twitter for all the goss!

Find out more about Open Cambridge
Events coming up from across Cambridge
50 Years, and Counting: A Conversation with Professors Wole Soyinka, Kwame Anthony Appiah and Henry Louis Gates Jr

		
Thursday 23 June
5pm – 6pm BST
		
Lady Mitchell Hall, Sidgwick Site, Cambridge
Professor Wole Soyinka, Professor Kwame Anthony Appiah and Professor Henry Louis Gates Jr  are leading academic voices and hugely influential in their fields of expertise. But had they not met at Cambridge 50 years ago, their lives may have looked very different.
 
Join us as they reunite, in Cambridge once again, for a fascinating insight into their long-lasting friendship. In a panel discussion moderated by Gillian Tett, they will look back over the last 50 years, consider how they have influenced each other, and share reflections on their lived experiences.

Seats in Lady Mitchell Hall are first-come, first-served. After these spaces are gone, you will be able to watch the event via livestream.

Images: front left © Shutterstock, centre © The Ethics Centre
Find out more
blio blitz logo
BioBlitz 2022
24 June - 20 August 2022
Head down to the Cambridge University Botanic Garden as we explore the wildlife at the Garden, with a range of bookable activities for the whole family. There'll be mini beast hunting, pond dipping, running crafty caterpillar workshops, and much much more!
Find out more
a lady in a white shirt smiling
Wo+Men's Leadership Conference 2022
25 June 2022
Panels and breakout sessions led by outstanding industry leaders and renowned Cambridge academics, cover a range of topical issues including: Negotiating; Allyship & unconscious bias; Entrepreneurship; and Women in Tech & Venture Capital.
Find out more
LGBTQ+ tours logo - rainbow text on black ground with lizard
LGBTQ+ Bridging Binaries Guided Tours
Until 25 June 2022
How do the labels and categories we give animals affect the way we interact with the natural world?
Our volunteer guides share their personal selection of fascinating stories about gender and sex in the animal world at the Museum of Zoology.
Find out more
green title card
Boost your resilience and protect your mental well-being
6 July 2022
In this CBC Wellness Campaign webinar with Lucy Faulks-Barnard, we will look at a host of tools and skills for boosting resilience and protecting our mental wellbeing.
Find out more
a lady in a sari dances in front of a fountain
Festival of Arts, Science & Ideas
2-3 July 2022
For one glorious summer weekend, Newnham’s beautiful gardens will host our Festival of Arts, Science and Ideas. You’ll hear big ideas from leading thinkers, discover famous writers in conversation, join workshops and tours, meet old friends, make new ones and hear great music
Find out more
string quartet
Fitzwilliam String Quartet
10 July 2022
Enjoy a selection of incredible works by Purcell, Mozart, Schubert, and Shostakovich - live from Clare Hall, University of Cambridge.
Find out more
There's more...
See all events open to the public on our What's On site.
Browse the events calendar
University of Cambridge
Email looking wonky?
View in your browser

University of Cambridge, The Old Schools, Trinity Lane, Cambridge CB2 1TN, United Kingdom


