 
 
 
Global Young Scientists Summit (GYSS) 2023
Date: 17 – 20 January 2023
Time: 0800h-1800h (Singapore time)
Venue: Singapore (tentatively at Matrix at Biopolis), with an Online segment
 
 Overview
The National Research Foundation Singapore (NRF) is excited to share that the Global Young Scientists Summit (GYSS) 2023 will be hosted onsite in Singapore! In addition, we will cater for an online audience to join our exciting programme. 
 
The GYSS is an annual multi-disciplinary summit in Singapore, which gathers some of the world’s foremost scientists and technologists who will engage and inspire aspiring young researchers from around the world. Eminent speakers include recipients of the Nobel Prize, Fields Medal, Millennium Technology Prize and Turing Award, among other luminaries. View highlights from the GYSS 2022 here: Panel discussions, plenary lectures and Young Scientist presentations.
 
GYSS 2023 will see a similar list of distinguished Speakers as GYSS 2022 (pls refer to Annex A) with the likes of Prof Robert Langer, Prof Ada Yonath, Sir Andre Geim, Prof Thomas Sudhof, Prof Alessio Figalli, Prof Stuart Parkin, and more. 

 
Mode of participation
With international travel returning, GYSS 2023 plans to host two categories of attendees: 
1)	on-site Participants, who will attend the Summit in Singapore, and 
2)	online Viewers. 
 

Sessions and attendees’ access
Both on-site Participants and online Viewers will be able to take part in a series of activities in the Summit, including live plenary lectures, panel discussions, Q&A sessions, and virtual networking platforms. All attendees also stand a chance to win attractive prizes in the GYSS video challenge that showcases their research highlights.
 
On top of these, on-site Participants will stand a chance to:
a.	participate in a small group informal session with their pre-selected speaker; 
b.	give a short presentation on their research live on-stage or through poster sessions; and 
c.	visit our institutes of higher learning and other prominent landmarks in Singapore. 
 
Information on the Eligibility Criteria, found in Annex B, will help identify potential candidates and Agreements Regarding Costs of on-site participants can be found in Annex C. 
 
Upon successful submission of nominations by institutions, nominees will be informed via email during July 2022 to complete their applications by providing further details and submitting their CVs. 
By end September 2022, all nominated participants and their institutions will receive an update on the final decision on participant selection. 
 
Please note that a nomination does not guarantee an invitation to participate in GYSS 2023. The GYSS Organising Committee reserves the right to shortlist the nominees.

You may also wish to visit our website at  www.gyss-one-north.sg/ for more information on GYSS 2023 and past Summits.
 
 
Annex A – List of GYSS 2022 speakers
 
S/N	Speaker	Award/ Achievement
1	Prof Aaron Ciechanover	Nobel Prize in Chemistry (2004)
2	Prof Ada Yonath	Nobel Prize in Chemistry (2009)
3	Prof Alessio Figalli 	Fields Medal (2018)
4	Sir Andre Geim	Nobel Prize in Physics (2010)
5	Prof Benjamin List	Nobel Prize in Chemistry (2021)
6	Prof Barry Marshall	Nobel Prize in Physiology/Medicine (2005)
7	Prof Cédric Villani	Fields Medal (2010)
8	Prof Didier Queloz	Nobel Prize in Physics (2019)
9	Prof Jayant Baliga	IEEE Medal of Honor (2014)
10	Sir Konstantin Novoselov	Nobel Prize in Physics (2010)
11	Prof Leslie Valiant	Turing Award (2010)
12	Prof Michael Young	Nobel Prize in Physiology/Medicine (2017)
13	Prof Ngô Bảo Châu	Fields Medal (2010)
14	Prof Robert Langer	Millennium Technology Prize (2008)
15	Prof Stanley Whittingham	Nobel Prize in Chemistry (2019)
16	Prof Stefan Hell	Nobel Prize in Chemistry (2014)
17	Prof Stuart Parkin	Millennium Technology Prize (2014)
18	Prof Takaaki Kajita	Nobel Prize in Physics (2015)
19	Prof Thomas Cech	Nobel Prize in Chemistry (1989)
20	Prof Thomas Südhof	Nobel Prize in Physiology/Medicine (2013)
21	Dr Venki Ramakrishnan	Nobel Prize in Chemistry (2009)
 
 
Annex B – Eligibility and Selection Criteria for Nominations 
 
Nominations for GYSS on-site Participants and online Viewers are applicable to students and researchers from universities and research institutions worldwide, at the following levels:
•	Undergraduate students; 
•	Master’s and Doctoral students; and 
•	Young postdoctoral scientists. 
 
All nominated participants, viewers and open applicants should:
•	Not be older than 35 years of age at the time of the Summit;
•	Show a genuine interest in science and research;
•	Show a strong commitment to their principal field of study and to interdisciplinary work; 
•	Received the endorsement of an organisation that was invited to provide nominees OR received strong support of their application by their head of department and/or by internationally renowned scientists, through a letter of recommendation; 
•	Be fluent in English to actively participate in discussions;
•	Not have participated in previous on-site Global Young Scientists Summits, with the exception for GYSS 2021 and 2022; and 
•	Not yet have a permanent position (in general, scientists with permanent positions, in particular on the professor level, will not be admitted to the Summit).
 
 
Annex C – Agreements Regarding Costs
 
1)	On-Site Participants:
 
The GYSS Organizing Committee will cover ONLY the following items for each participant: 
•	Accommodation during the Summit – twin sharing room at a local hotel;
•	Transport from hotel to Summit venue;
•	Breakfast and lunch will be catered for daily during the Summit;
•	There will be catered dinners on some days; details will be confirmed closer to date. 
 
There is no registration cost to participate at GYSS 2023. 
 
Flight Arrangements: Please note that Participants/institutions would need to arrange for their own flights to and from Singapore. 
 
Covid-related regulations: to be confirmed/updated in Q4 2022, closer to the actual date of the Summit. Should there be any query, kindly contact the GYSS secretariat via this email.
 
2)	Online Viewers
There is no cost for Viewers to attend GYSS 2023 online. 

