STIM Knowledge Transfer placement (full-time, 6-month duration)
IfM Engage, Circa £40,000 per annum pro-rata
We are pleased to announce that applications for the first IfM Engage – STIM (Strategic technology & Innovation Management) knowledge transfer placement are
now open. We are looking for individuals with knowledge of technology & innovation management and a demonstrable track record in industrial engagement,
consultancy and/or R&D to work within our solution development team.
The STIM Consortium is funding a six-month consultancy placement with IfM Engage (The IfM’s embedded knowledge transfer company) for current and soon to
complete members of the IfM community. The new placement will offer the opportunity to learn from IfM Engage’s internal consultancy team, as well as helping IfM
Engage to access some of the great talent developed in the IfM.
The successful applicant will spend six months working with Engage’s internal consultancy team to deliver real value to clients through the application of technology
and innovation management approaches developed in the IfM.
At the end of the placement, opportunities may exist to continue to work with IfM Engage, subject to our usual competitive recruitment process.
To register your interest, please send a CV and covering letter outlining your interest in the role to ifm-engage@eng.cam.ac.uk
Applications will close on Friday 22nd July 2022.
The purpose of this placement is:
 To work within Engage’s Solution Development team, innovating solutions to client problems and supporting the consultancy network.
 Help to strengthen links between research and practice teams.
 Develop IfM tools such that they are ‘practice ready’
 Working with the team, researchers and Third party associates to facilitate communities of practice
Role Summary
To help realise the above team aims, this role will:
 Work closely with all the members of the Solution Development team, and support the team’s strategy and objectives
 Engage in consultancy activities with a focus on management tool development and providing innovative solutions to client problems;
 Support Engage’s external consultant network (IfM Engage Associates) in developing solutions and co-creating proposals to address client requirements;
 Undertake quality assurance activities such as proposal and report reviews;
This role reports to the Head of the Solution Development team and works with and is supported by the Solution Development Co-ordinator.
Desired experience, skills and attributes
Experience
 Experience in a consultancy, R&D or industry environment
 Experience in the manufacturing sector
 Demonstrable experience of customer-facing roles
 Working on client confidential projects
Skills
 Collaborative working
 Able to prioritise and co-ordinate own work
 Confident in the use of IT
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Traits
 High attention to detail
 Professional and reliable
 Proactive with good initiative
 Curious, enthusiastic and a good problem solver
